Update microsoft-365-defender-portal.md (#10261)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender/microsoft-365-defender-portal.md

> [!TIP]
> There are lots of other learning opportunities in [Microsoft Learn](/training/). You'll find certification training such as [Course MS-500T00: Microsoft 365 Security Administration](/training/courses/ms-500t00).

## Partner catalog

Microsoft 365 Defender supports 2 types of partners:
1. Third-party integrations to help secure users with effective threat protection, detection, investigation, and response, in various security fields of endpoints, vulnerability management, email, identities, cloud apps.

> 2. Professional services - where organizations can enhance the detection, investigation, and threat intelligence capabilities of the platform with these supported partner connections. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft 365 Defender supports two types of partners:
1. Third-party integrations to help secure users with effective threat protection, detection, investigation, and response in various security fields of endpoints, vulnerability management, email, identities, and cloud apps.
2. Professional services where organizations can enhance the detection, investigation, and threat intelligence capabilities of the platform. 
```
